I’ll go to United States next week
Really? What do you do there?
To help mon at the store
Hmm…for how long?
For a while
Oh…I’ll miss you
I think we should take a break
What!
Are you kidding me?
Win?
What are you looking for?
You and Teenoi try to hide something from me?
Hide ?
What are you taking about?
Why I have to do that?
About Beauty…
I just want to know why she has to take a break from me.
Just to help her mom....
Why did she break up?
I think she has her own reason
I didn’t talk to Toonoi as well
Leave me!
Where are you going?
Teenoi's home
For what?
Why?
No!
Just sit down ok?
Why I can't go?
I'm going there with you
Sit down ok?
Calm down
I'm going there too
Just wait for a second
I'm gonna get change
If you're late, I'm not gonna wait
Just one minute !!
I'm almost done
You just sit there !
Hey....Win !
Win is going there now
No one’s here trust me
I think they all  left Thailand now
let's get back...
What are we gonna do now?
I don't know
It’s you!
Everyone knows because of you
You are responsible for this!
No way...
Nope
It's none of my business !
You see?....Teenoi and Minie are there inside !
Come on!
Hey !!
Beauty said she wants to break up with you... so what?
Oh summer, Oh please rain
(Thai Verse)
Please fall on the ground
Please make the ground fresh
Please help to relieve loneliness
Come inside now!
Come on Win...
Oh summer...is it right?
(Thai Verse)
Yep!!!
Oh please rain
The plant is all dead
(Thai Verse)
The land is all dry
Dead and dry, oh my mind
The land becomes dry, oh how dry
What did he say?
Poet… may be verse
Why did he do that?
I don't get it
Win keeps listening to all those verses
since Beauty told him she wants to break up
Normally, the heartbroken usually listens to sad song right?
But in this case why?
Well…I never saw him like this before
Beauty is the first girl who make him down like this...
Oh..this case is really concerned
We just can’t let it be like this
(Thai verse)
The river swash mud
The pond is covered with it
It's hard to sees everything
We, farmer,  are almost die when all the plant is dead
Damn
We have to find a new girl for him
Are you not going to offer yourself right?
No way!!! I don’t share man with friend
but he can go well with me I guest...
No No No...
I'm a good girl
Can I site here with you guys?
You get change very often
Am I look good? LOL
Win is muddle right now. We should help him
Oh wait...
My friend is looking for a barista
Ask him to join?
I agree
Let him try. I think it helps !
and while he’s working. I’ll be his matchmaker
Are you sure you’re not gonna make a mess?
Shut up!
Minie
Can I ask you something?
Who do you think is right for Win?
I’ll get back to my series…Kim Syon Ho
You’re late. I finished it a while ago
At the end, co-starring actor is end up sad
He’s mine!!
It’s burn!!!
Damn it !!
My home is still safe and this is not my home
Gosh...
what the hell...
Didn't you watch Start Up?
Nope
I miss you
I miss you too
(Win wants to puke)
Are you ok?
One month later
Baby...stay here for a second
Oops
Not a good position
Let's move
Hi
Hello !
Heyyy !!
Win !
Customer is here...Win
Hello
How can I help?
I'd like to have hot Americano
but right now
I'd like to be your girlfriend
If you don't mind
Can I have your Line ID?
I have girlfriend
OMG!!
Oh
Who is that.....
Hey
Are you ok?
Here’s my girlfriend
Wait...how come!!
We should have met earlier
and....who is this?
Are you guys dating?
Correct !!
Hey
Not a good acting
If you don’t like me, just tell me
Yep, I don’t like !!!!!
How mean!!
A man like you will never have girlfriend?
Oh really? Never find one? Why did you ask my ID tho?
What a girl !!!
Oh my god
Don't be scared baby
Damn it !!!
Oh...it's ok now baby
I'll find a new guy
Win
If a girl is not a choice, try a guy then
If I can’t date his sister
I might date her brother instead
you think ???
Stop!
It's not a good idea...
He’s mine
Is he alright?
I don't think so....
Hey
what's wrong?
You guys look nervous
What happen?
I’m sorry for what Win has done
No worry…just give him some times
But your coffee shop might be affected by this
Not that long
So you're fine with that right?
He won't be here for that long...
Just kidding LOL
Actually I and Minie has a plan for Win
You guys want to know?
What's that?
I'll find Win now
Yep !
You want to know?
Repeat it again !
Damn
What are we doing ? LOL
Hey Win!!
What
You have to see this
Come !!!
Come on!
They're waiting for you
Come on now!!
What..
Come with me so you know what it is
Go...clear my cup
What...
Why did you do it yourself?
Can you take this Tae?
Thank you
The shop is closed already?
Yep…I took it all for you
For what?
Oh come on...
Just sit down ok?
Here is the list of qualified girls who want to date with you
I think these 2 are right for you
Wow…what an effort!
Why don’t you just offer yourself?
Shut up!
it’s not your turn
You guys are responsible for this task today
Hang on...
you mean service?
Oh yes doctor!!!
be patient
Give him some times for his girls
Your English is fail...
Come on....
Give it to me. You’re too slow
Ok...
5 4 3 2 1...
Come back here !
LOL
This is Beam or Beamie
This beautiful girl is very popular right now
Pay attention. See? How cute she is
Wow….Damn good!!
Just the 1st one
Give me money!
If you like this style, I’ll do breast surgery for you
Oh... really
LOL
Nah
I'm kidding
they’re not my types....you're my types
Damnnnnnn
Shut up..
please respect Win
This event is not for you guys
But wait...
The next one is so gorgeous
She is the real one
She’s Montra
A 38 years-old woman
Minie!
Closer
Move close to your face
She’s 38?
She looks younger than you, Minie
Younger than you too
Shut up!
One hot cappuccino for me now!
Ok
Montra, She’s entrepreneur and runs a lot of business
She’s owner at Koh Chang's famous resort
Owner of premium cosmetic brand
and she’s the copyright owner of
“Older Women Beauty Contest”
Wow
Take this…and decide who do you like the most
Who are you going to date with first?
This one...
No, this one..
Stop !
Let him choose
Can I just not choose?
Why !!!
I like both
Nope…you have to choose only one
You can’t be naughty!!
or...or...or...or.....
Or?
Or you want to date with me?
No way !
I don't date my friend's ex
Come on Win! Just choose one
These 2 are sooooooo gorgeous
If you want to try new thing
but you still can't move on from Beauty
I suggested you choose Beamie.
B for Beauty and B for Beamie
Beamie !!
Beauty !!
Enough !
Nah...Come on..Look
she’s short hair as well
Yes true !
Wait wait...let's get to the next one
Montri ?
What!
Monto ?
What !
Motra !
It's correct !
Montra is not bad. She looks mature and wealthy
If you’re looking for serious relationship
Montra is just right !
Work Work Work !
Stop it
You guys listen to me !
While Win is looking for the right one for dating
I’ll make over this place. Tonight is going to be special.
It's going to be very romantic night
James, can you help me with the food for dinner?
Are you happy to help?
Oh how cute !!
Thank you for helping me, James
Well...ok
Thank you so much
Tae…
you can play guitar so you’ll be musician tonight
Find some love songs for a romantic dinner
Love songs?
Yep
Ok...Sure!
Perfect!
How about me? How can I help?
LOL
Good one right?
Waiter
What !
Waiter? Why?
Can I help you with something else? I can do more
No! you’re waiter
No matter how good you are, you have to be waiter!
Don't act like that !
You have no choices
You’re responsible for this because your sister left him
Don’t you remember? Helloooo???
Wait...who's calling ?
Nahhhh
it's just a word. No meaning
It’s true. Come on Teenoi
It’s our fate LOL
Hellooo...
Who's calling?
it's just a word. No meaning
Helloooooo....
Well..Everything is fully set up
Now it’s time to do your task guys !!
Ok !!!
Go for it
Let's go
Win !
Who do you choose then?
You have to choose it now or never!!!
So who ?
This or that ?
Or me LOL
Ewwww......
No way !
Come on!
Let's go
Are you sure you can do it?
Yep !
....I have to wash it right
Who am I gonna choose?
Beam?
Cute but she looks like Beauty...
Win...
Come here
Why ?
Clean and clear
What !
the work is done ?
15 mins to go !!!!
Hello there,
Today I’m going to do Q&A on “S Complex”
If you have any questions, just let me know
Hi guys
Wow...lot of people online today
S Complex is skin vitamin that help to brighten up skin and act as moisturiser
This one can protect the skin from sun
It helps to reduce the occurrence of
blemishes, freckles, dark spots
as well as help to restore acne wound
"How's the product ?"
It comes in capsule
There’re small 30 packs in one bottle
1 pack contains 1 capsule and you can take it for 30 days
"Where can I buy?"
From all distributors near you
The product is certified by hospital so it’s 100% safe
This product is very popular right now
so go grab it before it’s out of stock
Minie!
What?
When will you finish this?
Oh ok then
Ohhh… I forgot that I have very important event today
I have to go now
If you don’t forget that you have the event
I’m sure you’re gonna do product live until tomorrow
Don’t talk to me like that!!
Bye everyone
Let me see
It's too tight
Pull it up a bit
Awww...sorry
You look good now !
Sure?
Yep
Dinner is ready!
Can I have it first?
Nope
Hmm…it’s almost 8 pm
Where’s she ?
She's not here yet?
Yep
Hi…you are here already?
Please come in
See you
Guys !!! she's here
stay on your position